# reportingslroo

This project is an evolution of the project started in the repository https://github.com/reinaqu/reportingslr. The Python scripts have been totally redesign to be object oriented


## Structure of the project folders

* **/src**: It contains the different Python modules of the project.
    * **Authors.py**: Module that contains a class that represents a list of authors.
    * **Dashboard.py**: Module that contains a class that represents a dashboard with the operations related to publications graphics. Only holds operations related to the publication.
    * **DashboardDataExtraction.py**: Module that contains a class that represents a dashboard with the operations related to graphics on extracted data. Only holds operations related to extracted data.
    * **DashboardLatex.py**: Module that contains a class that represents a dashboard with the operations related to latex generation. 
    * **DataExtraction.py**: Module that contains a class that represents a list of studies and the data extracted from those studies.
    * **Publications.py**: Module that contains a class that represents a list of studies and the data related to the publication itself of the studies.
    * **PublicationsQuality.py**: Module that contains a class that represents a list of studies and the data extracted from those studies.
    * **Venues.py**: Module that contains a class that represents a list of venues.
    * **common.py**: Module that contains a set of utility functions that are common to the rest of modules.
    * **configurations.py**: Module that contains a set of configurations needed to deal with the Excel datasheet management.
    * **dataframes.py**: Module with utility functions to deal with panda dataframes.
    * **dois.py**: Module created by Daniel Himmelstein and released under CC0 1.0. and modified to be used in this project. Includes a set of functions to query dois from https://doi.org/
    * **graphics_utils.py**: Module with utility functions to create different types of graphics.
    * **preconditions.py**: Module created by prof. Miguel Toro with utility functions to check preconditions.
    * **test_utils.py**: Module that contains a set of utility functions to show results. The functions are useful when testing.
    * **venn.py**: Module with functions to draw venn diagrams.
    
* **/data**: It holds the different datasets files used as datasources in the project.
    * **all-authors-2.0.xlsx**: Excel spreadsheet with data about the authors of the studies.
    * **all-venues-2.0.xlsx**: Excel spreadsheet with data about the venues of the studies.
    * **citations_per_paper-2.0.xlsx**: Excel spreadsheet with data about the citations of the studies.
    * **countries.geojson**: geojson file with geolocalization of the countries of the world. It is needed to draw maps.
    * **report.v.0.2.54.xls**: Report generated by the Start tool with only the selected studies, and with two extra sheets to add information about the quality of the studies.
    * **report.v.0.2.54-all.xls**: Report generated by the Start tool with all the collected studies.
 * **When_business_processes_meets_complex_events_in_logistics_A_mapping_study.ipynb**: Python notebook with an example of the use of the functions in a real mapping study.
    